Harry
Recently i start to read a new novel called “Harry Potter”.
It’s a great piece of literature and I haven't read it before, so I feel pretty excited to read it.
It’s a good opportunity for me to learn some arcane vocabularies which I have no chance to learn in my daily life.
I don’t remember the story line, but the scenes in the movie does help me to imagine while reading the Harry Potter book.
I usually don't read novels unless reading is the homework. I had to finish Chapter 5 before the start of the new semester, so I read it on the airport, on the airplane and in the hotel because I was taking part in a math tournament held in USA. And I must say that it helped me a lot on avoiding distractions.
Sometimes I find it boring to read a book for too long, so I also like to learn some coding on my laptop between the breaks.
I don’t know if I really like reading or not, or I am just not getting deep enough in it.
Improving English is one of the most important task for me right now, just try hard and I will get better.

Andy
The book, Harry Potter is intriguing. The simple plot of the book and the complex diversity of made up words created by the author have formed a mysterious and peculiar balance for the reader to understand easily while leaving blanks for people to envision.

The description at the beginning of the book aroused readers' sympathy for Harry Potter. Such feeling will lead to an urge which will be satisfied later in the chapter. 

Rick
I really appreciate a book that I recent read—Harry Potter. Actually, it doesn’t make me feel boring, compared with other traditional English novels. When I read those other novels like ‘to kill a mocking bird’ or novels like that which is ironic to some social problems. To pursue the beauty and fluency of the article， the writer use those complicated words and structure, as well as those so-called fantastic details. However, Harry Potter is easier to read, though it might just be written for kids. I do have an encyclopedia of Harry Potter about all the characters, magic … though I never read Harry Potter or watch movies before. In fact, it’s a nice novel, I do want to finish all series of it, since I was attracted, though time may not permit.

Michelle
I feel Harry Potter is a interesting story to read. It is a world of wizards and magic. I've watched the movies, so the scenes flow through my mind: the magnificent school, the huge snake, the moving pictures, the ghosts..
The first book's language is immature, it's suitable for children to read. You are not alone, you"ll always be loved, by friends, and family do not have to be blood related. 

Florence
Harry Potter describes a magic world and it is made up of many stories which are linked to each other. I am not a fan of adventure or supernatural things,so since it is quite good, I don't have so much interest in reading it.That will be a problem because I cannot insist on reading it.Another drawback for me to read such a long book is that sometimes I can ignore some unknown words. I can understand the meaning of the whole sentence and I will be too lazy to study the new words.However,there are still some words I have learned which may be very common to see such as owl.Reading may be a good way to learn writing,but from my own perspective,watching a film will be easier to understand and absorb knowledge.Whatever，I think I learn a lot from Harry Potter.Next time,I hope I think I will read some short novels which I think will be more interesting.


Susan
I like Harry Potter. It is a magical work written by J.K.Rowling, a beautiful British lady. The stories of Harry with Ron and Hermione and other characters are fascinating and attractive. I kept dreaming of entering the Hogwarts and becoming a witch, waving the wand and telling spells.
I read the Chinese version of Harry Potter when I was in primary school. I couldn't help reading it and it was attracting me all the time so I spent only a week reading the seven books. After that, I read it again and again. I also bought an encyclopedia of Harry Potter and wands.
I had never read the English version before. I feel that it can extend my vocabulary.
The movie was also brilliant.

Christina

    When I first heard of Harry Potter,it was in my secondary school.People were just talking excitedly about the new series of Harry Potter and I did not pay attention to the movie at that time because I was not interested in that kind of movies.And now,after reading several chapters of Harry Potter,I have to say it is a really fascinating book to me.Through reading,not only I can appreciate the power of magic but also I can learn some new words and old sayings,that is really helpful for me to improve my English levels.What impresses me most is the Chapter Four,when Hagrid appears,personally I like the "huge" guy and the book describes him very vividly and his speaking styles(dialect)is also very interesting.Besides,I watch the movie series of Harry Potter as well.The movies are fantastic because the producers add some special effects and the auditory effect is also attracting.I consider the producer is brilliant since he picks good characters,the characters are suitable for their roles.For example,the character of Harry,he exactly fit the Harry in my imagination.That is amazing.But compared with book,I prefer the books because I can feel a different way from others through some English words.So I like the book very much.

Sinestro

I have been reading the English version of Harry Potter for some time(obviously the version by origin)Frankly, I have learnt a bunch of new words, mostly magical and oral. I’ve watched the movie series of HP several times with a feeling of freshness remaining; I believe it will carry on attracting me to either watch the movies or read the books, for it is indeed a magical and fascinating addition which you will never find yourself learn completely about to the reality in your world. So far, I find the movie really has done a good job keeping the scenarios, figures and the plot primitive. The Dursleys are depicted as foolish conventional and conservative dump people for the comparison with Harry. The virtual entities in the book are fictional, meanwhile reflecting and symbolising kindnesses, virtue and ugliness in the world we live in. 
