<b>steven shi</b>
                                     Thoughts of Harry Potter
                                     Harry Potter is a Magic book which is written by J.k rolling.She is a common writer, but wrote so fantistic book.The book tells about a boy how amazing his life is. He can use magic and his task is to annihilate bad man such as Voldemort.At first,I think the boy is too cowardly.But as he grow up,I find that he is so firm and he almost can do anything all by himself.He often helps other people and never asks for reward.Thats the most important personality I love.He insists on justice and never shakes.Thats Harry Potter,a man, a real man.
                                                                                                                     By Steven Shi
<b>Cherry</b>
Actually, I think Harry has a strong ability to use magic.He is a special boy who has immense potentiality.Also,he is brave and clever.I think my ability to read English novel is extraordinary poor.And there are so many words that I can't understand their meanings clearly.So I read the book tiredly. I think I need to read Chinese novel first and then read the English edition.In fact,Harry Potter is particularly interesting and I adore the author’s imagination.The story at first says Harry's parents died and he was lost in front of the door of Dursley’s house.Then Harry lived here for ten years.Later,Hagrid came here and welcomed Harry to Hogwarts.Harry came to the school and started to study.The sorting hat wanted to let him go to Slytherin but Harry insisted that he will go to Gryffindor.The dinner was extremely in plenty.And Harry ate a lot and he was satisfied because when he stayed Dursley’s house,he never had the chance to feel full.After going to the bed,he had a very strange dream.However,he can't remember the dream at all after he woke up.This book is really wonderful.Although my English is poor,I think I can improve my English through the novel because the contents truly attract me.
<b>Fiona</b>
Thoughts after reading Harry Potter 
To be frank, I have to admit that I am hardly interested in such fiction novels. What really attracts me is those romantic novels or philosophy books. So in the beginning of reading, I felt very tried because I always forgeted the plot and cannot clearly distinguish different people.
Luckily, the case Is becoming better recently. Now I can understand the meaning of the novel and will not fell very confused when I begin to read. This is because that the plot of book and human setting is quite interesting. Harry has the qualities of a hero , he is very brave and curious. But he is a little quite and shy, this makes him very cute and adorable. 
The author is very good at environmental description, so the book is well worth a read because I can learn some writing skills from it as well.
Any way, I am looking forward to the story.

</body>
</html>

